thoughstream.txt

check out brain structure
check out fermat's last theorem
theorize that my 3 var formula with the triangles gnerates the 3 dimension of normal matter
this all fundamentally links to entropy
dimensions of Energy per temperature, joules per kelvin
dimensional analysis of certainty
For an isolated system with an exactly known energy and exactly known composition, the system can be found with equal probability in any microstate consistent with that knowledge.
- nash equilibria correspondance
boltzmann entropy = O(a log b) kb = fundamental certainty
canonical thermodynamic enseble
microcanonical - precisely given energy and fixed composisition (our inital starting state)
canonical - system in equilibrium
grand canonical - universe
quark matter - fermi liquid
supersymmetry - 1/n expansion - hey this is exactly what we are doing and its on the contents page of quark matter. COOL
quark gluon plasma
weak coupling, COLORS N - this is our core dimension, first fermat prime, everything else is supersymmetry holky fuck
chiral critical point. - what is this
color/flavour
strange ness
t/b/c/s/u/d as fundamental characteristics? u/d ladder operators t/b infinities, c/s opposing complex stuff (unreal, personality, intelligence/creativity, function/beauty etc
nalytic or perturbative solutions in low-energy QCD are hard or impossible due to the highly nonlinear nature of the strong force
well yeah exactly like real life its weird
At present, lattice QCD is primarily applicable at low densities where the numerical sign problem does not interfere with calculations

hmm guess what i found a sign issue in euler's identity... COINCIDENCE I THINK NOT
lattice gague theory
lattice as model, field as views, gague as controller? [+ uncertainty]
MVC model of quantum chromodynamics LAFFO
this one wierd code janitor physicist that scientists HATE
poincare invariance features - i'm sure that was useful - that's the closed curve thing on manifolds and topoliges or wahtever
ø for the empty set - alt-O NICE ∆ for the triangles - idea of a set? (3 dimensions) ? for certainty
0/1 bool? - 5 things - pentanumber

special unitary groups

su(1) trivial group - single element - pointer to self - this defines ordinal (countable), cardinal (uncountable)
su(2) quaternion - i squared - OH YEAH MORE PARALLELS SICK - unit quaternons, choice of group structure, spin (3), isomoprhic to su(2)

axiom of choice on group defines the group above it
axiom of inherent uncertainty means you are dumb and probably are wrong :v
foursquare idenity/quaternions/spin groups
 He could not figure out how to calculate the quotient of the coordinates of two points in space. - thus quotient with anti-self = /0 - annihitlation operator
multiplication by anti-self = creation operator
uncertatiny is a quaternion fractal -  He could not figure out how to calculate the quotient of the coordinates of two points in space. uncertainty is weird. unit quaternion of uncertainty = kb??? plus some shit with i
quaternions are divisible - hindsight is 2020, multiplication is not commutative, so you can't predict how it will evolve (inhereent)
Real numbers Complex Numbers H - quaternion numbers
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quaternion#Square_roots_of_.E2.88.921

exp/log/power of quaternions - as functions of euler
polar decomposition is numeral
power series are trivial
abcd quaternions are the transcendtal numbers? norm = e? components i, pi, 1 euler/mascheroni
this defines inherent uncertainty? and projections onto the upper space, branching functions, physical constants
quaternions define a 3 dimensional vector space - which is our core 3 dimensions, uncertainty (fractal), i^2, ai, and bi, ordinality/cardinality - axiom of choie?
think pauli matrices for our 3 dimension rotations
reflection of a basis element is evolution in time - everything is just a refelction back/forward in infinite minkowski/lorentz space
even part of the clifford algebra
AHA clifford algebra is going to have our extra dimension of time, giving us the full 5 pentagonal numbers

In the Clifford algebra Cℓ4,0(R), there are six bivector basis elements, since with four different basic vector directions, six different pairs and therefore six different linearly independent planes can be defined. Rotations in such spaces using these generalisations of quaternions, called rotors, can be very useful for applications involving homogeneous coordinates. But it is only in 3D that the number of basis bivectors equals the number of basis vectors, and each bivector can be identified as a pseudovector.

yeps!

Dorst et al. identify the following advantages for placing quaternions in this wider setting:[22]
Rotors are natural and non-mysterious in geometric algebra and easily understood as the encoding of a double reflection.
In geometric algebra, a rotor and the objects it acts on live in the same space. This eliminates the need to change representations and to encode new data structures and methods (which is required when augmenting linear algebra with quaternions).
A rotor is universally applicable to any element of the algebra, not just vectors and other quaternions, but also lines, planes, circles, spheres, rays, and so on.
In the conformal model of Euclidean geometry, rotors allow the encoding of rotation, translation and scaling in a single element of the algebra, universally acting on any element. In particular, this means that rotors can represent rotations around an arbitrary axis, whereas quaternions are limited to an axis through the origin.
Rotor-encoded transformations make interpolation particularly straightforward.

time defines our ternary BOOLs - our boolean algebra. past is certainty: i^2 = yes, future is uncertainty, -i^2 = i, NO, but interestingly NOW is unknown - -i^4
get a bit heavy with lorentz algebra, clifford algebra, poincaregroup, minkowski spacetime, clifford algebra
de sitter group is 5?
mass - cardinality
spin - ordinality
entropy/information - certainty
these are our irreducible representations
see: wigner's calssification
spin, parity, charge conjugation
CPT invariance
elrangen program - geometry ofminkowski space is defined by the poincare group 
Since CPT is an invariance of every quantum field theory, a time reversal quantum number could easily be constructed out of those given.

As a topological space, the group has four connected components: the component of the identity; the time reversed component; the spatial inversion component; and the component which is both time reversed and spatially inverted.

particles and antiparticles formulation

spinpartiy, flavor content

confinement/asymptotic freedom

three quarks for muster mark

reflector != =! supersymmetry - antithesis?

gluon octet - is this hyperquaternions?

The sign problem is NP-hard, implying that a full and generic solution of the sign problem would also solve all problems in the complexity class NP in polynomial time

again i think eurler's formula overlooks a sign error, theory so far has potential so ffar to solve P=NP... so
